FIRST READING	
The Lord God invites us to his feast, and wipes away tears from all faces.
A reading from the Book of Isaiah (Isaiah 25:6-10a)

On that day: The Lord of hosts will make for all peoples a feast of fat things, a feast of choice wines—of fat things full of marrow, of choice wines well refined. And he will destroy on this mountain the covering that is cast over all peoples, the veil that is spread over all nations. He will swallow up death for ever, and the Lord God will wipe away tears front all faces, and the reproach of his people he will take away from all the earth, for the Lord has spoken. It will be said on that day, “Behold, this is our God; we have waited for him, that he might save us. This is the Lord; we have waited for him; let us be glad and rejoice in his salvation.” For the hand of the Lord will rest on this mountain.

The word of the Lord.



RESPONSORIAL PSALM	Psalm23:1-3a.3b-4.5.6(R.6cd)
R/. In the Lord’s own house shall I dwell for length of days unending.

The Lord is my shepherd;  
there is nothing I shall want.  
Fresh and green are the pastures 
where he gives me repose. 
Near restful waters he leads me; 
he revives my soul. R/.

He guides me along the right path, 
for the sake of his name. 
Though I should walk in the valley of the shadow of death, 
no evil would I fear, for you are with me.
Your crook and your staff will give me comfort. R/.

R/. In the Lord’s own house shall I dwell for length of days unending.

You have prepared a table before me
in the sight of my foes. 
My head you have anointed with oil; 
my cup is over flowing. R/.

Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me 
all the days of my life.
In the Lord’s own house shall I dwell 
for length of days unending. R/.



ALLELUIA
Alleluia. Alleluia. Behold, the Lord is coming to save his people; blessed are those who are ready to meet him. Alleluia.



GOSPEL     	
Jesus heals many and multiplies the bread.
A reading from the holy Gospel according to Matthew (Matthew 15:29-37)

At that time: Jesus passed along the Sea of Galilee. And he went up on the mountain, and sat down there. And great crowds came to him, bringing with them the lame, the maimed, the blind, the mute, and many others, and they put them at his feet, and he healed them, so that the throng wondered, when they saw the mute speaking, the maimed whole, the lame walking, and the blind seeing; and they glorified the God of Israel. Then Jesus called his disciples to him and said, “I have compassion on the crowd, because they have been with me now three days, and have nothing to eat; and I am unwilling to send them away hungry, lest they faint on the way.” And the disciples said to him, “Where are we to get bread enough in the desert to feed so great a crowd?” And Jesus said to them, “How many loaves have you?” They said, “Seven, and a few small fish.” And commanding the crowd to sit down on the ground, he took the seven loaves and the fish, and having given thanks he broke them and gave them to the disciples, and the disciples gave them to the crowds. And they all ate and were satisfied; and they took up seven baskets full of the broken pieces left over.

The Gospel of the Lord.



TODAY’S REFLECTION
In the scriptures, the mountain is a place of encounter with God. Today, Isaiah gives us a picture of what comes out of that encounter: our hunger is satisfied, our thirst quenched, and our tears wiped away. The crowd that followed Jesus could bear testimony to this when they followed him to the mountain where he healed their ailments and fed them to their fill. You too can be part of that testimony. There is really no special qualification for it. Isaiah said the banquet is prepared for all peoples (Isa 25:7) and Jesus proved him right when he told his disciples to make everyone sit, and fed all of them to their fill. You only need to be in the presence of Jesus to get filled too.



PERSONAL DEVOTIONAL
But the Holy Spirit is the one who will help you. My Father will send him in my name. He will teach you everything that I have said to you. His Helper will ... John 14:26 

- Tell the Holy Spirit to touch that area of your life where you need His transforming touch.
Let Us Pray,
Numbers 14:28 says, “So tell them, ‘As surely as I live, declares the LORD, I will do to you the very thing I heard you say.” Job 22:28 says, “You will also decree a thing, and it will be established for you; and light will shine on your ways.” With faith in His name, I decree in accordance with His will concerning those conditions of disgrace in your life, let them be replaced by divine grace in the name of Jesus our Lord
