FIRST READING	
Let the righteous nation which keeps faith enter in.
A reading from the Book of Isaiah (Isaiah 26:1-6)

In that day this song will be sung in the land of Judah: “We have a strong city; he sets up salvation as walls and bulwarks. Open the gates, that the righteous nation which keeps faith may enter in. You keep him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on you, because he trusts in you. Trust in the Lord for ever, for the Lord GOD is an everlasting rock. For he has brought low the inhabitants of the height, the lofty city. He lays it low, lays it low to the ground, casts it to the dust. The foot tramples it, the feet of the poor, the steps of the needy.”

The word of the Lord.



RESPONSORIAL PSALM Ps 118: 1 and 8-9.19-21.25-27 (R. 26a)
R/. Blest is he who comes in the name of the Lord.
Or: Alleluia.

Give praise to the Lord, for he is good;
his mercy endures forever.
It is better to take refuge in the Lord 
than to trust in man;
it is better to take refuge in the Lord 
than to trust in princes. R/.

Open to me the gates of justice: 
I will enter and thank the Lord. 
This is the Lord’s own gate, 
Where the just enter. 
I will thank you, for you have answered,
And you are my saviour. R/.

O Lord, grant salvation; 
O Lord, grant success. 
Blest is he who comes in the name of the Lord.
We bless you from the house of the Lord; 
The Lord is God, and has given us light. R/.



ALLELUIA
Alleluia. Alleluia. Seek the Lord while he may be found, call upon him while he is near. Alleluia.



GOSPEL   	.   
He who does the will of the Father shall enter the kingdom of heaven.
A reading from the holy Gospel according to Matthew (Matthew 7:21.24-27)

At that time: Jesus said to his disciples, “Not every one who says to me, ‘Lord, Lord, shall enter the kingdom of heaven, but he who does the will of my Father who is in heaven. Every one then who hears these words of mine and does them will be like a wise man who built his house upon the rock; and the rain fell, and the floods came, and the winds blew and beat upon that house, but it did not fall, because it had been founded on the rock. And every one who hears these words of mine and does not do them will be like a foolish man who built his house upon the sand; and the rain fell, and the floods came, and the winds blew and beat against that house, and it fell; and great was the fall of it.”

The Gospel of the Lord.



TODAY’S REFLECTION
Today, the prophet Isaiah reminds us that in God, our security is ensured because for those who trust in the Lord, the Lord God will be their everlasting rock. The Gospel added that anyone who does the will of God is like one who builds his house on a solid rock. All this points to the fact that God is all we need! But is it not true that sometimes we profess our faith in God with our lips when in actual fact we have other things to call our gods? May God grant us the grace to have an active and firm faith in him and keep us as citizens of that strong city where salvation is set up as walls and bulwarks (Isa 26:1). Amen



TODAY'S SAINT AND QUOTE: St Ambrose of Milan – December 7th
-A successful lawyer before becoming a bishop, he was one of the four original Doctors of the Church.

-ST AMBROSE, Bishop and Doctor of the Church Memorial:  Ambrose, a civil servant living in Milan (Italy) was unexpectedly chosen by the people to be their bishop when he was still a catechumen. After his ordination on 7 December 374, he carried out his ministry with great dedication and love. He wrote extensively in order to help the Christian community be strong in their faith, and to counteract the heresies of the Arians. He died in the year 397.

- No one heals himself by wounding another.



PERSONAL DEVOTIONAL
I once thought these things were valuable, but now I consider them worthless because of what Christ has done.  - Philippians 3:7

-Holy Father be thou, henceforth, my only treasure, make my heart not too anxious for the vain and fleeting things of this earth. Do not allow anything to separate me from you, in the name of Jesus.

- Grant me the grace my Father, to give up all things, to empty myself of all selfishness, so that your love may reign in me in the name of Jesus.

Let Us Pray,
Jesus, your word declares that angels intervened in the lives of human beings. Father, I thank you for the hosts of heaven that are operating on my behalf. Make me sensitive to the existence and presence of angelic beings. There are more angels working for me than there are demons working against me. Lord, I thank you for opening my eyes to see the angelic hosts and chariots of fire circling my situations to fight on my behalf. In the name of Jesus, I release the angels of prosperity on my behalf because I walk before the Lord, the angels of the Lord will prosper my ways. Lord, I thank you for angelic intervention in my dreams. Let the same anointing that was on Jacob be on me to dream dreams of angels. Father, I thank you for your spiritual ladder that comes from heaven to the earth in Jesus mighty name, Amen
