FIRST READING	
“O that you would rend the heavens and come down.”
A reading from the Book of Isaiah (Isaiah 63:16d-17; 64:1, 3b-8)

You, O Lord, are our Father, our Redeemed from old is your name. O Lord, why do you make us err from your ways and harden our heart, so that we do not fear you? Return for the sake of your servants, the tribes of your heritage. O that you would tear the heavens and come down, that the mountains might quake at your presence! You came down, the mountains quaked at your presence. From of old no one has heard or perceived by the ear, no eye has seen a God besides you, who works for those who wait for him. You meet him that joyfully works righteousness, those that remember you in your ways. Behold, you were angry, and we sinned; in our sins we have been a long time, and shall we be saved? We have all become like one who is unclean, and all our righteous deeds are like a polluted garment. We all fade like a leaf, and our iniquities, like the wind, take us away. There is no one that calls upon your name, that bestirs himself to take hold of you; for you have hidden your face from us, and have delivered us into the hand of our iniquities. Yet, O Lord, you are our Father; we are the clay, and you are our potter; we are all the work of your hand.

The word of the Lord.



RESPONSORIAL PSALM Ps 80:2ac and 3b. 15-16a.18-19 (R. 4)
R/. O God, bring us back; Let your face shine on us, and we shall be shaved.

O shepherd of Israel, hear us, 
enthroned on the cherubim, shine forth.
Rouse up your might and come to save us. R/.

God of hosts, turn again, we implore; 
look down from heaven and see.
Visit this vine and protect it,
The vine your right hand has planted. /R.

May your hand be on the man at your right hand, 
the son of man you have confirmed as your own.
And we shall never forsake you again;
Give us life that we may call upon your name. R/.



SECONDREADING        
We wait for the revealing of our Lord Jesus Christ.
A reading from the first Letter of Saint Paul to the Corinthians (1 Corinthians 1:3-9)

Brethren: Grace to you and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ. I give thanks to God always for you because of the grace of God which was given you in Christ Jesus, that in every way you were enriched in him with all speech and all knowledge—even as the testimony to Christ was confirmed among you—so that you are not lacking in any spiritual gift, as you wait for the revealing of our Lord Jesus Christ; who will sustain you to the end, guiltless in the day of our Lord Jesus Christ. God is faithful, by whom you were called into the fellowship of his Son, Jesus Christ our Lord.

The word of the Lord.



ALLELUIA Psalm 85:7
Alleluia. Let us see, O Lord, your mercy and grant us your salvation. Alleluia.



GOSPEL     
“Watch therefore—for you do not know when the master of the house will come.”
A reading from the holy Gospel according to Mark (Mark 13:33-37)

At that time: Jesus said to his disciples: “Take heed, watch and pray; for you do not know when the time will come. It is like a man going on a journey, when he leaves home and puts his servants in charge, each with his work, and commands the door keeper to be on the watch. Watch therefore — for you do not know when the master of the house will come, in the evening, or at midnight, or at cockcrow, or in the morning—lest he come suddenly and find you asleep. And what I say to you I say to all: Watch.”

The Gospel of the Lord.



PRAYER OF THE FAITHFUL

Celebrant:
As we begin the season of Advent, let us ask God to give us the spirit of radiate the Gospel message for the sanctification of our world, and for the grace to be vigilant as we prepare for the coming of our savior.

FOR THE LEADERS OF THE CHURCH: that, through their ministry, more people may be led to abandon their sinful ways, and so make themselves better disposed for the coming of Christ. Let us pray to the Lord. 

FOR THOSE IN AUTHORITY: that God may grant them wisdom and right judgment to work for the good of those they have pledged to serve and that they may discharge their duties with dedication. Let us pray to the Lord.

FOR PERSECUTED CHRISTIANS: that God may grant them the perseverance and courage they need to willingly embrace their suffering as part of following in the footsteps of Christ. Let us pray to the Lord.

FOR OUR FAMILIES: that they may experience divine unity and peace, and grow in a love that radiates from the Gospel, and be signs of God’s kingdom here on earth. Let us pray to the Lord.

FOR OTHER INTENTIONS: (the sick, church projects or other activities).

FOR THE DEAD, ESPECIALLY THOSE OF OUR PARISH COMMUNITY AND FAMILY MEMBERS: that they may find eternal rest with the Lord. Let us pray to the Lord.
We pray in silence for our private intentions.

Celebrant:
God our Father, give us the grace to positively dispose our minds and hearts to welcome your son’s coming and be his ready witnesses. Bless the labours of our hands to bear fruits of progress, love, peace and unity. Through Christ our lord.

R/. Amen.



TODAY'S REFLECTION  
The season of Advent is a period of preparation for the birth of the Messiah. It has four Sundays. The new liturgical year begins in the church. We are called to prepare for the coming of the Lord. It is certain that the Lord is coming but the day or the hour is not known.
In the gospel passage of today, Christ tells us to be watchful and alert. We are to stay awake and watch for his coming. We should live in such a way that when he comes, he should not find us wanting. He should find us doing what he commanded us to be doing: loving God and loving one another; living holy/ righteous lives. May he meet us doing our Christian duty when he comes. May he meet us ready to welcome him whenever he comes, since he will come “like a thief in the night”.


Personal Devotional:
MY ANNUAL SPIRITUAL CHECK-UP

Putting ourselves always aright with God is very important and expected, but sometimes due to our daily activities and worldly pursuit, we fall short of that expectations. However, now is a good time to re-examine ourselves and consciences, have a Spiritual Cheek-Up.

When you go through this, remember it is designed to expose grey areas in your soul. 

This SPIRITUAL CHECK-UP IS ABSOLUTELY FREE unlike your medical cheek-up. Within the next hour or so, let the Holy Spirit turn His searchlight on your SPIRITUAL LIFE. 
Please, use the following lists as guide to examine your life before the Lord. Take each one slowly and carefully.

CHEATING - Did you get anything from anyone unfairly? Does someone know or suspect that you cheated to pass an important test or exam? Did you rob someone of their fair share of praise or pay for a job? (Mal. 3:5; Deut. 24:14-15; Jer. 22:13; Job 31:13) 

HINDRANCE - Have you destroyed another's confidence in you by needlessly taking up their time? Have you prevented them from doing God's work for yourself? (Eph. 5:16) 

HYPOCRISY- Did the life you lived before some people make all you said of Christ and His gospel a lie? Have you said one thing and done another? Were others turned from God by your life that declared to them your hypocrisy? (Matt. 6:5-6; 7:3-5; 23:28; Rev. 3:15-16) 

STEALING - Can you remember taking money for property that was not yours? Did you steal from neighbors, relatives, shops or stores, school or home? (Ex. 20:15; Eph. 4:28) 


DIAGNOSIS
If the Holy Spirit shows us our sin, we must go back to the cross where the Lord first met us.  Our sin nails Jesus to the cross all over again. We tear open His wounds and make His redemption a mockery.

Walk out into the light of reality. Drop your self-deceit and face this sin for what it really is. Turn from it, from your heart. Take sides with God against it- resolve in your heart NEVER to go back into that sin again.

MEDICATION OR ACTION NEEDED?
Will you go to your gracious and loving Father as a little child and humbly ask His forgiveness? 

Note that, "If we confess our sins, He is FAITHFUL and just to forgive, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness."(I Jn. 1:9) The LORD is merciful and gracious...He has not dealt with us after our sins, nor rewarded us according to our iniquities; for as the heaven is above the earth, so great is His mercy towards them that fear Him; as far as the east is from the west, so far hath He removed our transgressions from us." (Ps. 103:12)


Let Us Pray,
"Oh God, You know my foolishness, and my sin is not concealed from You...please pardon my iniquity, for it is great...If you, Lord, would mark iniquities, who shall stand? But there is forgiveness with You, that You may be feared." (Ps. 69:5; 25:11; 130:3-4)
Lord Jesus, Master of both the light and the darkness, send your Holy Spirit upon our preparations for Christmas. We who have so much to do and seek quiet spaces to hear your voice each day, we who are anxious over many things look forward to your coming among us. Amen
