FIRST READING     	
“He will surely be gracious to you at the sound of your cry.”
A reading from the Book of Isaiah (Isaiah 30:19-21.23-26)

Thus says the Lord GOD, the Holy One of Israel: Yes, O people in Zion who dwell at Jerusalem; you shall weep no more. He will surely be gracious to you at the sound of your cry; when he hears it, he will answer you. And though the Lord give you the bread of adversity and the water of  affliction,  yet your Teacher will  not hide himself any more, but your eyes shall see your Teacher. And your ears shall hear a word behind you, saying, “This is the way, walk in it,” when you turn to the right or when you turn to the left. And he will give rain for the seed with which you sow the ground, and grain, the produce of the ground, which will be rich and plenteous. In that day your flock will be given pasture, and the lamb will graze in open fields; and the oxen and the donkeys that till the ground will eat salted food, which has been winnowed with shovel and fork. And upon every lofty mountain and every high hill there will be brooks running with water, in the day of the great slaughter, when the towers fall. Moreover the light of the moon will be as the light of the sun, and the light of the sun will be sevenfold, as the light of seven days, in the day when the Lord binds up the hurt of his people, and heals the wounds inflicted by his blow.

The word of the Lord.



RESPONSORIAL PSALM    Psalm147: 1-2.3-4.5-6 (R. Isaiah 30: 18)
R/. Blessed are all those who wait for the Lord.
Or: Alleluia.

How good to sing psalms to our God; 
how pleasant to chant fitting praise!
The Lord builds up Jerusalem 
and brings back Israel's exiles. R/.

He heals the broken-hearted;
he binds up all their wounds.
He counts out the number of the stars; 
he calls each one by its name. R/.

R/. Blessed are all those who wait for the Lord.
Or: Alleluia.

Our Lord is great and almighty;
His wisdom can never be measured.
The Lord lifts up the lowly;
He casts down the wicked to the ground. R/.



ALLELUIA Isaiah 33:22
Alleluia.  Alleluia. The Lord is our judge, the Lord is our ruler, the Lord is our king: he will save us. Alleluia.



GOSPEL    	
“When he mw the crowds, he had compassion for them.”
A reading from the holy Gospel according to Matthew (Matthew 9:35-10:1.5a.6-8)

At that time: Jesus went about all the cities and villages, teaching in their synagogues and preaching the gospel of the kingdom, and healing every disease and every infirmity. When he saw the crowds, he had compassion for them, because they were harassed and helpless, like sheep without a shepherd. Then he said to his disciples, “The harvest is plentiful, but the labourers are few; pray therefore the Lord of the harvest to send out labourers into his harvest.” And he called to him his twelve disciples and gave them authority over unclean spirits, to cast them out, and to heal every disease and every infirmity. These Twelve Jesus sent out, charging them, “Go to the lost sheep of the house of Israel. And preach as you go, saying, ‘The kingdom of heaven is at hand.’ Heal the sick, raise the dead, cleanse lepers, cast out demons. You received without pay, give without pay.”

The Gospel of the Lord.



TODAY’S REFLECTION
The prophet Isaiah tries to assure us today that God has not given up on us, and that if we come back to God and remain with him, he will wipe our tears and make us prosper in the Land. God’s compassion for us is so enormous that it moves him to carry our troubles all by himself. Remember that in order to benefit from that, we must wait for him. Waiting for him means repenting of our sins and trusting in God. As you wait for the Lord, may he dry your tears and take care of your troubles so that your songs would be that of joy at the victory won. Amen.


PERSONAL DEVOTIONAL
 “And if you faithfully obey the voice of the Lord your God, being careful to do all his commandments that I command you today, the Lord your God will set you high above all the nations of the earth. And all these blessings shall come upon you and overtake you, if you obey the voice of the Lord your God. Blessed shall you be in the city, and blessed shall you be in the field. Blessed shall be the fruit of your womb and the fruit of your ground and the fruit of your cattle, the increase of your herds and the young of your flock. Blessed shall be your basket and your kneading bowl. ...  Deuteronomy 28:1-68 

- Our Father, I come to you as your child; please save me from all forms of attitude that makes me to pride about life.

- Guide me O Lord, with a humble and obedient spirit so that I will always seek you in simplicity of heart and mind in Jesus name.

Let Us Pray,
Dear Lord, I thank you for this day, I thank you for my being able to see and hear this morning. I am blessed because you are a forgiving and an understanding God.
You have done so much for me and kept on blessing me. Grant me the grace Father not to offend you or my neighbour today. When the enemy of my soul comes to seduce me to sin against you please help me to run to your Son Jesus.

Please keep me safe from all dangers and harm. Help me to start this day with a new attitude and plenty of gratitude. Let me make the best of this day with a clear mind, so that I can hear from you. 

Please broaden my mind that I can accept all things. Let me not whine and whimper over things that I have no control over. Moreover, this is the best response when I am pushed beyond my limits. I know that when I cannot pray, you listen to my heart.

Continue to use me O Lord to do your will. Please Lord continue to use me that I may be a blessing to others especially those who are hurt and do not have any person to help them. Keep me strong that I may help the weak, keep me uplifted that I may have words of encouragement for others.

I pray Father for those that are lost and cannot find their way. I pray Father for those who are misjudged and misunderstood. I pray for those who do not know you intimately. God changes people and changes things. 

I pray for all my sisters and brothers, for each family member in their households. I pray for peace, love and joy in their homes that they are not of debt and all their needs met, in Jesus name Amen. 

I pray that every human creature of yours would know that there is no circumstance, or situation greater than you O’ God. Every battle is in your hands for you to fight and so I will not be afraid.
O Lord I surrender my whole being to you today. Use me to glorify your name today in Jesus name. Amen
