FIRST READING	
“The kingdom and the dominion shall be given to the people of the saints of the Most High.”
A reading from the Book of the Prophet Daniel (Daniel 7:15-27)

“As for me, Daniel, my spirit within me was anxious and the visions of my head alarmed me. I approached one of those who stood there and asked him the truth concerning all this. So he told me, and made known to me the interpretation of the things. ‘These four great beasts are four kings who shall arise out of the earth. But the saints of the Most High shall receive the kingdom, and possess the kingdom for ever, for ever and ever.’ “Then I desired to know the truth concerning the fourth beast, which was different from all the rest, exceedingly terrifying, with its teeth of iron and claws of bronze; and which devoured and broke in pieces, and stamped the residue  with  its  feet; and  concerning the ten horns that were on its head,  and  the  other  horn  which  came up and before which three of them  fell, the horn  which  had eyes and a mouth that spoke great things, and which seemed greater than its fellows. As I looked, this horn made war with the saints, and prevailed over them, until the Ancient of Days came, and judgement was given for the saints of the Most High, and the time came when the saints received the kingdom. “Thus he said: ‘As for the fourth beast, there shall be a fourth kingdom on earth, which shall be different from all the kingdoms, and it shall devour the whole earth, and trample it down, and break it to pieces. As for the ten horns, out of this kingdom ten kings shall arise, and another shall arise after them; he shall be different from the former ones, and shall put down three kings. He shall speak words against the Most High, and shall wear out the saints of the Most High, and shall think to change the times and the law; and they shall be given into his hand for a time, two times, and half a time. But the court shall sit in judgement, and his dominion shall be taken away, to be consumed and destroyed to the end. And the kingdom and the dominion and the greatness of the kingdoms under the whole heaven shall be given to the people of the saints of the Most High; their kingdom shall be an everlasting kingdom, and all dominions shall serve and obey them.”’

The word of the Lord.



RESPONSORIAL PSALM	Daniel 3:60.61.62.63.64.65 (R.60b)
R/. Sing praise to him and highly exalt him for ever.

Bless the Lord, you sons of men,
Sing praise to him and highly exalt him for ever. R/.

Bless the Lord, O Israel,
Sing praise to him and highly exalt him for ever. R/.

Bless the Lord, you priests of the Lord,
Sing praise to him and highly exalt him for ever. R/.

R/. Sing praise to him and highly exalt him for ever.

Bless the Lord, you servants of the Lord,
Sing praise to him and highly exalt him for ever. R/.

Bless the Lord, spirits and souls of the righteous, 
Sing praise to him and highly exalt him forever. R/.

Bless the Lord, you who are holy and humble in heart, 
sing praise to him and highly exalt him forever. R/.



ALLELUIA Luke 21:36
Alleluia. Watch at all times, praying that you may be able to stand before the Son of man. Alleluia.



GOSPEL     	
“Watch at all times, that you may have strength to escape all these things that will take place.”
A reading from the holy Gospel according to Luke (Luke21:34-36)

At that time: Jesus said to his disciples, “Take heed to yourselves lest your hearts be weighed down with dissipation and drunkenness and cares of this life, and that day come upon you suddenly like a snare; for it will come upon all who dwell upon the face of the whole earth. But watch at all times, praying that you may have strength to escape all these things that will take place, and to stand before the Son of man.”

The Gospel of the Lord.



TODAY’S REFLECTION
When Jesus speaks in many parables and vivid imagery about the end time, he doesn’t want us to get frightened or anxious; he only expects us to be vigilant. Too many horrible things are happening in the world today, making one suspect that there may be a concerted agenda to remove the last vestiges of God from societal consciousness. We hear of countries legalizing gay marriage and abortion; various forms of immorality have now become fashionable; people do unimaginable, even at times, diabolical things just to make money. In this confusion we might be tempted to get carried away by the crowd and turn our back on God, or become completely forgetful of him. He reminds us today not to get carried away but to remain alert and vigilant, for he will come at a time we do not expect.



PERSONAL DEVOTIONAL
As you do not know the path of the wind, or how the body is formed in a mother’s womb, so you cannot understand the work of God, the Maker of all things - Ecclesiastes 11:5

- Grant me correct understanding of what pleases you Lord, that I may bless and praise you at all times.

- I beseech you O Lord; shower your mercy on all users that they may have intimacy with you.
Let Us Pray,
Most sweet Jesus, the love of the saints, set my love on fire for you. Transform me into yourself, divinize me that my deeds and thoughts may be pleasing to you.
May this be accomplished by the Power of your Spirit which I plead that you do not take away from me. How great my soul tastes and desires you now. Release upon me a fresh outpouring of your Spirit, O Lord!

